Documentation changes for 10.16 (#665)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/dtm/asset-types-bundle/property-library.md

This option allows you to upload a file to define the custom property.

If selected, enter the allowed file types separated by a comma in the **Allowed file types** field. Provide the maximum file size for uploads in the **Max file size in MB** field. When you create an asset with this custom property, you can only upload files of the allowed file types with a file size not exceeding the file size limit. 

{{< c8y-admon-info>}}

> If there is a file size limit set on the tenat, you see the limit in the label. For example: If the max file size set on tenant is 1 GB,the label looks like Max file size in MB ( Size limit on tenant: 1024 MB).<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there is a file size limit set for the tenat, you see the limit in the label. 
So if the maximum file size set for the tenant is 1 GB, the label states the maximum file size in MB, for example, 1024 MB.<br>
```

Author: The field name will change as per the tenant options. Here Max file size in MB (size limit on tenant: 1024 MB) is the name of the field.

This option allows you to upload a file to define the custom property.

> If selected, enter the allowed file types separated by a comma in the **Allowed file types** field. Provide the maximum file size for uploads **Max file size (MB)** field. When you create an asset with this custom property, you can only upload files of the allowed file types with a file size not exceeding the file size limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If selected, enter the allowed file types separated by a comma in the **Allowed file types** field. Provide the maximum file size for uploads in the **Max file size (MB)** field. When you create an asset with this custom property, you can only upload files of the allowed file types with a file size not exceeding the file size limit.
```

> If selected, enter the allowed file types separated by a comma in the **Allowed file types** field. Provide the maximum file size for uploads in the **Max file size (MB)** field. When you create an asset with this custom property, you can only upload files of the allowed file types with a file size not exceeding the file size limit.

Reviewer 2: We will display either "Max file size in MB" or "Max file size in MB ( Size limit on tenant: 1000 MB)"
Here 1000 MB is a dynamic value (file size for that tenant)
Please consider this change as part of the documentation

Author: Modified the field name as per the implementation

1. Select the desired custom property in the **Property Library** to see all the details on the right of the screen.
2. Edit any content of the custom property.
3. Click **Save** to save your changes.

> 4. If this property is used by any asset type, in the resulting confirmation dialogue, select **Confirm** to continue to save your changes.

Reviewer 3: confirmation <s>dialogue</s> dialog

<a name=""></a>
### To delete a custom property

1. Select the respective custom property in the **Property Library** and click **Delete** on the bottom right.

> 2. In the resulting confirmation dialogue, click **Confirm** to continue the deletion or **Cancel** to cancel the deletion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the resulting confirmation dialogue, click **Confirm** to continue.

Select the respective custom property in the **Property Library** and click **Delete** on the bottom right.

> In the resulting confirmation dialogue, click **Confirm** to continue.

Reviewer 3: confirmation <s>dialogue</s> dialog

{{< c8y-admon-info>}}

> If the custom property you want to delete, is part of an existing asset, you see a error notification and the custom property is not deleted.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If the custom property you want to delete is part of an existing asset, you see a error notification and the custom property is not deleted.
```
